Tutorial section docs (#13297)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/tasks.md

    return [i for p in issues for i in p.result()]
```

> Whenever you run the parent flow, a new run generates for related functions within that as well. Not only is this run tracked as a subflow run of the main flow, but you can also inspect it independently in the UI.

Author: "Whenever you run the parent flow, it generates a new run for related functions within that as well." ?

or 

"...a new run is generated..."?

> Whenever you run the parent flow, a new run generates for related functions within that as well. Not only is this run tracked as a subflow run of the main flow, but you can also inspect it independently in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you run the parent flow, the subflow is called and runs. 
In the UI each subflow run is linked to its parent and can be individually inspected. 
```
